README.md, before:

# MarketRoles

## Intro

The market roles domain is in charge of supply and consumer relations.
It handles changes in supply (who supplies/produces electricity),
and changes in consumers/producers (who is a customer), on metering points.

These are the processes maintained by this domain.

| Process                                                               |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Change of Supplier](.\docs\business-processes\change-of-supplier.md) |
| [End of Supply](.\docs\business-processes\end-of-supply.md)           |
| Forced supplier change                                                |
| Incorrect supplier change                                             |
| Customer move in                                                      |
| Customer move out                                                     |
| Incorrect move                                                        |
| Forward customer master data by supplier                              |
| Forward contact address by grid operator                              |
| ....                                                                  |

## Architecture

![design](ARCHITECTURE.png)

## Context Streams

TBD

## Domain Roadmap

TBD

## Getting Started

TBD

## Where can I get more help?

Code owners? Gitter versus Slack? Referral to main repository?

Commit message:

supplier -> energy supplier, costumer ->consumer

README.md, after:

# MarketRoles

## Intro

The market roles domain is in charge of supply and consumer relations.
It handles changes in supply (who supplies/produces electricity),
and changes in consumers/producers (who is a consumer), on metering points.

These are the processes maintained by this domain.

| Process                                                                      |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Change of Energy Supplier](.\docs\business-processes\change-of-supplier.md) |
| [End of Supply](.\docs\business-processes\end-of-supply.md)                  |
| Forced Energy Supplier change                                                |
| Incorrect Energy Supplier change                                             |
| Consumer move in                                                             |
| Consumer move out                                                            |
| Incorrect move                                                               |
| Forward consumer master data by Energy Supplier                              |
| Forward contact address by grid operator                                     |
| ....                                                                         |

## Architecture

![design](ARCHITECTURE.png)

## Context Streams

TBD

## Domain Roadmap

TBD

## Getting Started

TBD

## Where can I get more help?

Code owners? Gitter versus Slack? Referral to main repository?
